This tutorial series I'm going to teach you how to use Django to build an e-commerce Web site.
I hope you'll be able to use this to make money.
Go to w w w.
Gengel project dot com.
This class will introduce you to Gengel version 1 10.
Django is a framework that is written in the Python programming language.
Remember programming is about rolling with the punches.
If you get an error Google it the first couple of links will normally solve the problem.
Let's get started with Jane and go 1.10.
Open your terminal to list out folders in your current directory.
Type LS to change into the desktop directory type.
See the desktop CD stands for change directory allowing the user to navigate the desktop.
We want to install a virtual environment or virtual environment allows us to keep our project dependencies
separate.
Before we can install a virtual environment we first have to install Pipp as a tool for installing and
managing Python packages to install Pipp type pseudo easy underscore install Peppe.
When you use the sudo command you may need to type in your administrator password.
We can now use pepped to install our virtual environment type pseudo hip install Virtual E and B to
create a new virtual environment run virtual NVI.
Try 10.
I've named this virtual environment.
Although you can name your virtual environment anything you want my virtual environment has been created.
I can now see it on my desktop
so go back to your terminal change into the try 10 directory by typing CD.
Try 10 to activate the virtual environment on OSX type source in slash activate on Windows to activate
the virtual environment type period backslash scripts backslash activate.
I know my virtual environment is running because I can see the directory name in brackets whenever you
work on this project.
Make sure your virtual environment is active running the command pit freeze.
Well allow me to see what packages are installed on my virtual environment.
So type hit freeze.
We currently don't have any project dependencies and so to list all the folders and files in this directory
type LS inside of the try tender rectory.
I have three folders in include and lib.
I also have one file Hippe self-check Jason go to your desktop and click on the try tenfold.
These are the same files that I just listed open or terminal.
So that's how we use Terminal to navigate through our directories.
So now I'm going to install Django run Peppe install Django equal equal 1.10 Django is now downloading
and installing.
You can use any text editor you like.
However for this project I will be using subline text opened up your browser and go to w w w dot Sublime
Text dot com I'll be downloading the free OSX version of the subline text
in your terminal type freeze Django version.
1.10 was installed.
You can use another version of Django but you may need to read that version's documentation to see any
differences.
Django 2 should be coming out around December 2017 when Django too is launched a fully update this course.
I'm going to create a new Django project type Django slash admen.
Q Why start project.
Triton again I call this project Triton.
You can name it whatever you want.
I'm going to navigate into the tried 10 directory type LS.
You can see the new Django project called Triton cinammon navigate into the Django project type city
Triton to list all of the folders and files and try type ls.
The word of the project is the directory that contains managed IPY in the try 10 directory I see manage
P Y.
Therefore I know I'm in the root of the project in Django 1.10 to sync the database type python managed
died.
P Why migrate all discuss migration more in detail later.
The first time you run migrate a prompt will appear asking if a super user should be created.
Type YES TAKE ANY user name email and a password twice you are prompted to create a Gengel superuser
type python manage D-y create super use.
Then select your details from your desktop.
Open the virtual environment.
Try 10 folder with finder.
Click on the Django application folder tried 10.
Now the database is sinked a file called D-B Eskew like 3 is automatically created in the project open
terminal and navigate to the root of the project to run the local development server type python managed
IPY run server open up your web browser and go to the IP address shown in the terminal.
I can now see the Gengel project is working Gengel admin gives site administrators an easy way to manage
the project's data to get to Django admin.
Just add the slash admin to the end of the URL then type in your super user username and password.
I'll come back to this later go back into terminal to quit the local server and go back to the regular
terminal command screen press control see Django is now all setup will continue working on this project
and the next to Toria.